>> With me today on this
Truth Hunter special is Tim,
a tactical advisor to covert
German analysts who are trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet in
this solar system and beyond.
Tim, welcome to this special
edition of Truth Hunter.
>> Thank you, Linda,
for having me.
>> On our Earth
plane level four,
we have all of these tensions
from competing energies,
and we have a lot
of negative here,
and that is one of those issues.
Is Earth in play like a
football game between teams
in which one team is really
trying to curtail humanity
because they want Earth?
And if those are a form
of reptiles, what exactly
is this installation
that you have referenced
in relationship to the
energies on Earth that
seem to always be in conflict?
What is it?
And what is the goal?
>> OK, so we're coming back
now to level 3 and level 4
consciousness realities.
So on this very
Earth, this planet
that we're talking
about, the human species
has a very, very high so-called
evolutionary potential, which
means a species on
certain planets,
they all have different
evolutionary potentials,
which means the way they
can evolve; in which way
they can evolve in
how likely it is
that this is going to be a
super successful stable species
over time.
>> But that's spontaneous,
and the installation,
as I understood, it is a goal
or motivated by, let's say,
reptilians who want
to curtail humanity.
>> There is a certain insulation
that's been put over Earth
in order to lower the potentials
of the evolution of humankind.
And that is a very
complex situation
because that is responsible for
all the issues and disbalances
that we experience right
now and on this planet.
And it comes along
with technology
that's being used in order
to sort of create some chaos.
It's coming down to--
>> Like, what technology
would be creating chaos?
>> What has been reported is
that there are chemicals being
used but also frequencies
and also psionic frequencies
in order to bring Earth into
a certain lower frequency,
a lower energetic realm, in
order to slow down the process
of evolution on this planet.
>> What would be an example
of what a person, a human,
would experience if they were
the target of, let's say,
the installations we
want to curtail you?
We want to stop you.
Would it be frequencies
they would hear in the ears
and that would cause migraines,
or how would it manifest?
>> For example, depression.
That would be something.
What we have right
now, right here
in this installation, which is
being removed right now, is--
>> It's being removed?
>> It's being removed, right.
>> By?
>> By inside and outside forces.
They needed time to understand
what's happening on this planet
because a lot of what is
inside of this installation
is quite subtle and might seem
as if it has evolved naturally.
But it didn't.
We have seen that there have
been temporal modifications,
meaning an outside
force has influenced
certain points of human history
over time in a negative way.
But made it look like a
natural occurring thing.
>> Among humans and not outside
forces that are actually
advanced frequencies, or
are some of those activating
the blocks in the
installation, are they actual
extraterrestrial biological
entities, such as reptilians?
>> The installation
itself is working on many,
many different levels.
What we need to understand
is the bigger picture
how that works.
It kind of keeps humans
inside of a miserable reality.
And it's a self--
>> Perpetuating.
>> Perpetuating and
self-repeating process over
time.
So it's very, very
unlikely that humanity,
without removing
the installation,
would be able to get
out of that because it's
so complete and
subtle in some way.
>> So, who gains from
humans being trapped down
in the installations?
>> The surface human beings
are probable of becoming very
strong warriors, which
poses a threat to, I mean,
other warrior species
in the universe.
Also, through the very
high evolutionary potential
that humanity has because it's
facing a lot of challenges
and a lot of challenges,
a lot of diversity,
a lot of different
genetic profiles.
All this diversity
means that a species
has to become fit and
find solution to that.
And the more solution, the more
diversity, the more challenges
a species faces, the more
it advances over time.
And so us humans have
a very high potential
of becoming a very dominant
factor in the universe.
And that is something
that other species either
do not like or like very much
because they think that surface
humans could protect them.
>> And what seems like a
very unstable decade that
we're in, are the frequencies
that are jumbling everything?
Are they because of the
installation or independent
of the installation?
>> So I would say that
everything that can be
experienced on this planet is in
some way or another influenced
by the installation because it's
so complete and very cleverly
set up.
So let me give you some
examples of how that is done.
So, for example, if we are
talking about the sociocultural
level, there has been a system
brought into place that,
on a corporal level, is
competing and leading
to a lose-lose situation,
kind of stand-off because--
>> And who is
driving it, though?
>> The question is,
who has installed it?
And once it was in place,
it is mostly driving itself
because humanity,
without even knowing,
is contributing to its function.
>> But how did it
get into place?
Who has the specific motive
to want to curtail us?
>> The species that has been
part of talks is reptilian.
Yes.
But more important is to
understand how that works.
So the interesting thing
is that this species
seems to know a lot about the
features and uniqueness of ape
races.
So humanity is
basically an ape race,
which means it comes from
a 99% ape background.
>> Homo erectus.
>> Right.
And there are some
certain unique experiences
and behavior patterns
that come from that
derives from that
evolutionary genetic thing.
And I assume from
interactions with people
it's not even obvious
to them that this
might be a genetic thing.
So one of these things is ape
species are living in groups
and oppose themselves
against other groups, which
you can see in the wildlife.
So if you have a
group of chimpanzees,
it's going to have
some kind of battle
over resources with other
groups of chimpanzees.
Not all species are doing that.
There are lots and
lots of examples,
even on this
planet, where nature
is cooperating in such a way
that it has the best results.
Ape species also rely very
heavily on the togetherness
and continuity of behaviors
inside the group, which
means, for example, in an
ape species, an ape that,
for example, would
fall down a tree
accidentally would
certainly try to communicate
that it's been in an
accident and that it's still
a healthy individual
inside of the group
because they face the
challenges that ape species also
remove members from their own
group if they are not fit.
And fitness, meaning fit
into society into a group,
is something ape species have
relied on for their own success
of evolution.
They need to form
groups, and they
need to have a group
conformity, meaning
that every member of the group
needs to be on the same page,
so to speak.
>> So, what are the reptilians
gaining by this installation
to cause these conflicting
and push-back frequencies?
>> Well, they gain from
that a slowed-down evolution
of humanity.
>> But how do they
gain from that?
>> Potentially a human warrior
species that is fully capable
of all its powers.
And we are talking
about, for example,
through genetics, the
lifespan of humans
being lowered dramatically.
So actually, a human
being could live
in the 300 years or something.
But being genetically
modified, it
comes down to 70
years or something.
>> Let me ask you because I've
run into this several times
in interviews with abductees,
and it's 40, at least 43 years,
I have talked with
a lot of people.
And every once in a while, the
same image, the same metaphor,
comes up.
And that is that I'm
thinking of one man who
was a scientist in
New Jersey, and he
was abducted, taken right out of
a car, and a beam into a craft,
and they were a form of greys,
and they showed him a screen.
And in the screen, they had
two, two, two, two, five.
It was 10-- we'll say they
look sort of like galaxies
or something.
And the being talking now with
a scientist, not a layperson,
but with a scientist said, this
is your galactic neighborhood,
but these are not galaxies.
They're universes.
And the scientist, when he was
telling me that said I found
myself gasping inside at the
concept that there could be 10
different universes and we're
in one of 3 trillion galaxies
in one universe, and this grey
being is showing the five pairs
of universes and not only
were there five pairs.
He talked about a dynamic that
went around life and death
in some process between this
pair of universes and on up.
And I still can
remember this scientist
saying that I am
stunned if I have
been shown a reality because--
and he asked the same question--
what is infinity if
there are 10 universes?
>> So what we know is there
are different versions
of the universe, some of which
are so exotic and bizarre that
they don't make any sense
from our viewpoint right now.
>> Like, what would be an
example of something you know?
>> We're coming now into
to realms of understanding
the universe.
They're very complex,
very advanced.
So just that being said.
But one of the realms that
the greys, for example, are
exploring right now, and
they have a hard time
to do that because
what they want to do
is gain literally every
experience in the universe
and get it integrated.
That's their approach.
So they go out to
different versions
of the universe,
different realities,
different realms of existence.
And one of these newer realms
that they are discovering
is a super bizarre version
of the universe that
deals with the pure
nonsense of existence, which
is, I mean, if we
are talking about all
these models of frequency,
everything makes sense.
Life makes sense.
You see that the
universe makes sense.
But there also is a probability
where the universe is
ridiculously nonsense,
and it continuously
loses its form over its
own laughter and ridicule.
There is life in that
universe as well,
but it's so different
and so exotic
that you could not possibly
have any conception of yourself
because everything
is pure nonsense.
>> And I am now more aware than
I have ever been of deceptions
on the Earth that are created
by illusions that can be traced
directly to some kind of
push-back by extraterrestrial
intelligences.
And if that is a context
that you would think
relates to the
installation, what
would be the evolution going
forward right now to humans
pushing aback against
the installation
having these impacts of
illusions and delusions
so much on Earth life?
>> I think that's very
well put for your side.
It's exactly that.
So we have come
to the conclusion
that there is an
artificial system that
has been opposed onto
humanity and Earth
as well that needs to be
removed in order to have
the human species to
evolve successfully.
And to have the bigger
picture of that,
that includes technology that's
been used against humanity.
It means historical or temporal
modification of certain things.
It means sociocultural
systems that
seem to lead to a
lose-lose situation, which
means that humanity
is constantly
or used to go through cycles
of destruction, renaissance,
and destruction again.
>> And you know, it reminds me,
like if you are at a bullfight
and the toreador
does this right,
and the bull is stomping,
and the toreador is saying,
come here.
Don't come here.
>> Exactly.
>> It is almost as if the whole
global situation is look here
right, but this is
what is going on.
How would we bring 8
billion minds and souls
up to seeing clearly?
This is not where
you want to go.
This is what is
really happening.
How would we do this as a
civilization going forward?
>> That's a very
complex question
and because the installation
operates on so many different
levels, we even have a
spiritual side to it where even
the rebirth cycle is being
manipulated in a way that some
souls experience an exit
channel right back into Earth.
So, they reincarnate
again on Earth
and experience the
same challenges
they experienced before.
Talking about reducing entropy.
It means that the soul needs to
experience new things in order
to learn from it
to find solutions.
But if you're forced to be stuck
in a certain cycle and always
experience the same things and
not have any different input
or solution to it,
you cannot exit that.
So that is something
that's been done.
Luckily, and good
for us, there are
a lot of higher frequency
species that offer their help
and offer different
situations in order to proceed
with the rebirth cycling.
But there also is this one
case where this rebirth cycle
is being used in order to keep
people trapped onto the Earth
situation and not go somewhere
else in order to learn.
So that is something that
is being removed right now.
>> How?
>> There are species on
higher frequency levels that
their very mission is to
create space in the afterlife,
if that makes sense.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Expand that.
>> Sure.
So everything we
experience is some kind
of a construct, an
illusion, so to speak.
A creative illusion of
the universe itself.
It creates something out
of nothing, so to speak.
So if the conscious unit
or the observer or someone
is going through death, it
needs to go into something
that can be experienced,
and from there,
get recycled into
something else that
can be experienced
because that is
the basic factor for the
universe in order to learn.
It needs experiences.
So the interesting thing is that
there are species living inside
of fourth-level frequencies,
that the only thing that they
are doing is creating
spaces and situations where
the consciousness mind
can operate and understand
what's happening
in the afterlife.
One example could be and
you mentioned Bob Monroe.
He explained like
a lot of places
through out-of-body
experiences where
you can see that there are
worlds in the afterlife that
can be accessed.
>> He called me.
He called me after
his wife died.
>> Wow.
>> And he said Linda, I
know, and used her name.
It's all right.
She's out at and gave a
mathematical configuration.
And the truth is there was
something just so grounded.
It was like Monroe was
calling to say my wife is OK.
I know where she is.
I will be able to visit her.
The rest of us hear
that discussion,
and we say how is this possible?
What is he doing?
Now can you fill out some of
the gaps of how would that work?
>> So it basically means that
there are species at level four
and/or level five consciousness
that are capable of creating
space within the afterlife.
It's very hard to grasp
how they do that exactly,
but in the same way that this
3D world is being created out
of nothing, they are constantly
creating different transition
stations from one life
cycle to another life cycle
because the soul, and talking
about reducing entropy,
the soul needs to have a
certain amount of experiences
until it realizes that it's
the own self that creates
its world, meaning you are
fully responsible and capable
of creating your own home.
That is where the universe wants
you, me, and everything else
to go to so that everyone can
create their own universe,
and then we have a unified
field of so many great inspiring
homes that we can elaborate
from that and operate from that.
But until that stage, there
is some kind of illusion
in order to guide the soul.
And these worlds
in the afterlife
are being created so
that being, a soul that
transits to another
rebirth cycle,
has a place to reflect
on itself to come
to a non-traumatic experience
and also have a logic in order
to have this kind
of amnesia process
where you just forget about
your experience that might have
failed and then continue
with a different variable
and different approach.
>> Well, we've been talking
about the installation as being
forces manipulated by reptiles
and perhaps a lot of ETs trying
to slow down or curtail the
evolution of humans either out
of jealousy or
territorial design,
or whatever the motive is.
How would that translate
into the afterlife
if we're being curtailed
on the 3D-4D side of what
we would call living life?
And then comes the moment of
death and then into a phase
as you have just described so
that there would be some effort
to even continue the education
after death in the afterlife.
Are there reptiles?
Are there intelligences
that are actually
trying to persuade
souls in the afterlife
to go a wrong direction
that would slow them
down even before they
are reincarnated?
>> Just the same way as there
are species and forces that
guide people in a positive
way in the afterlife,
there's also a very small
number of species that try to do
the direct opposite.
But luckily, for
every one of us,
the amount of species that do it
very positively and benevolent
is way bigger.
We're talking about 99% to
1% at the level four stage.
And the best thing
every one of us can do
is either you have the
capabilities and capacities
to understand your
role in the universe,
and you have a level four
consciousness understanding
of how everything works.
Then you can design your
own afterlife, so to speak.
>> And learn how to reject the
negative as soon as you feel
it.
>> It 100%.
100%.
Either you have the
level of consciousness
in order to know
that you can create
your own worlds in the
afterlife and just go there.
Whatever idea you
have, it's possible.
Or you rely on the natural
forces of the universe
and maybe get into
contact with them in a way
that you just make a
willingful decision
to say I would love to receive
help for the transition.
That is something that the
universe heavily relies on,
and it's just one
very simple sentence
that can be repeated
over a lifetime in order
to make clear for the universe
that my transition has
to be smooth, gentle, and nice.
>> Now, this really does
dovetail to another one
of the mysteries that I've
encountered over the last four
decades.
One of the mysteries that I
have encountered in abductions
is that I will have interviewed
someone about being taken.
It could be in a beam of
light, whatever it is,
with another intelligence.
And then they will
get in contact with me
and say an animal that
they had, a cat or a dog,
died or their brother or their
sister or father or a relative.
And what they are describing
is having an experience usually
at night of having whatever has
passed over come back to them
in a very, very vivid
way within, let's say,
48 hours of the passing
of the organic body.
And because I've
seen this pattern,
it's even happened to me.
Why do you think that there
is that kind of vividness
in some lives that
seems to connect?
It's almost as if it's
saying this is real.
This has happened, and
there is a survival
of consciousness
after death, but it
doesn't happen for everyone.
>> So what's definitely true
is that consciousness survives
death because everything
is just the same illusion,
but it goes through logical
steps and worlds in order
to make sense out of it, which
changes in the moment where you
understand your own
capacity to create worlds.
That is something
consciousness goes through.
The thing that is a little
hard to prove is what is real
and what's not real.
But we have a lot of
cases where people report
shadowish beings that
communicate with them
that appear, for example, in the
bedroom or something just one
day or two days after a
relative, mother, daughter,
or whatever, died.
>> In my mind now, talking
with you about the installation
and the idea that there could
be these cross-currents always
trying to deceive, this feels
to me as if it is an example
of something pushing back
against forces that are trying
to be deceptive.
>> Yes.
>> And that these are
experiences which are you have
a soul.
The cat has a soul.
Your father has a soul.
And that you are able to have
this brief communion even
after the passing
from life to death.
And that would be
something to encourage,
perhaps to push the
installation further away.
>> So remember that the
universe itself at level seven
consciousness is this
wonderful, beautiful,
loving place of existence
where we all are,
and we all enjoy ourselves.
That is very true.
And a level four frequency,
which is basically
the afterlife that this is
situated in level four world,
this allows for certain
very positive frequencies
to be experienced.
And we're talking about 99%
of those great wonderful
experiences.
It's only because
our consciousness
is, through one way or
another, kept in this frequency
that we are experiencing
right now that the benevolent
and wonderful frequencies
and situations
are sort of artificially
being kept out of Earth.
We still experience
them, so we still
have wonderful, beautiful
divine experiences,
mystical experiences,
and so on and so forth.
But we see that the
more consciousness units
that are living together,
for example, in the city,
they create their own reality,
their shared community, which
is kind of
denaturalized, so it's
kind of away from this
super beautiful divine
feeling that we all
experience at so many levels.
And in such an amount of
places in the universe,
it's very rare that
we have a situation
like we do find here on Earth.
>> Did do you ever hear what
Steve Jobs' wife described when
he passed?
>> No.
What did she?
>> It was fascinating.
She was interviewed
after Steve Jobs died,
and she said I was
sitting by the bed,
and I was holding on to his
hand, and he was unconscious,
and she was just watching him.
The breaths were getting
more and more shallow,
and she was aware.
And she said all of a
sudden, he opened his eyes,
his body came up.
Oh, wow.
And laid down.
And for a long time after
she did that interview,
everywhere you went was what did
Steve Jobs see for those three
"oh wows."
What do you think?
>> Look, we have a situation
where the universe is itself
creating something for itself.
So the universe knows that
everything that it's creating
is not for an outside
force or something.
It's creating
something for itself.
And why should the
universe create something
that is anything else than
beautiful, great, loving,
and super wonderful
to experience?
>> It's the pushback
from the installation.
>> Right.
Because there are some aspects
totally irrational to my mind,
but there are some aspects of
this universe that seem to just
don't like this
super divine feeling
for other aspects
of the universe.
It's possible that
someone could have
this kind of self-destructive
neuro-behavior patterns,
so someone has to do
the job, so to speak.
Someone in the universe
picks up on that frequency
and kind of plays it out.
And that is only true
until it's been solved.
So that's a certain
moment in time or outside
of time, whatever you want
to call it, inside of time
as well where this
is being played out.
It doesn't make sense
anymore, and the universe just
gets rid of it because
it's part of the reduction
scenario of entropy,
and this kind
of self-destructive behaviors,
at one point or another,
will not make any sense anymore.
>> And it seems like that
out of this discussion
of installation, of something
trying to curtail human
evolution versus forces that
are trying to make us understand
that that's illusion and that
the reality is joy and love
and light.
One of the contradictions
that puzzles me is we
have talked about how
the installation is
trying to curtail
humanity's evolution.
But there are so many
examples of humans
being given joy
and light and love
that it's like,
why would anything
in the big scheme
of the universe
be given even the
right or the option
to do the curtailing
in the installation?
>> Right.
And the answer to
that is quite easy
because it's just possible that
the universe could do that,
and so it's happening.
So that is the easiest
answer to your question.
The other question
is, the thing is,
why are there species that
are so benevolent and caring?
Why do they let things
like that happen?
And the answer to that is
because a lot of species
have not been aware
of what artificially
has been put upon Earth.
So because it's been made in
such a clever way, whoever
made that and whoever
did it, has made it
in such a clever way that
it looks like something
that humanity has accidentally
been created upon itself,
and that is just not true.
>> And that's the installation.
>> That is the installation.
>> The push-back.
>> It's been covered in a way
that it looks like something
that occurred
naturally, but it's not.
It's something that's
been cloaked in a way
so that it looks like something
that occurred naturally.
And that makes a big
difference to other species.
So there's a big difference to
their own reaction of something
and to their own
will to interfere
with something if the situation
is a naturally occurring.
If it's B, something that
the specific species has
done willfully to itself, then
it's a free-will decision.
No one's going to
interfere with that.
Or the third option
is some outside force
that has planted
something into it
that is artificially designed
in order to bring chaos.
The third option
is something where
most species that are
proactive on these things
would say we need to
interfere on that.
But if it's just
looking as if it
was one of the
two first options,
then they would hesitate
in order to come for help.
>> But it still seems strange
that our allies, spiritually,
physically, other intelligences,
would even allow anything like
the installation to be
trying to slow us down.
>> Yes.
I mean, if this is
something that humanity
would have done
to itself, then it
would be crazy and
illogical, but it
would be allowed because it's
part of the natural maybe
learning process of that species
to be self-destructive or be
being trapped in something
because there are species that
enjoy states and situations that
other species might not enjoy.
There might be species.
For example,
slavery is something
that humans would
collectively reject
in an ethical morally way.
But if you compare that,
for maybe the situation
that certain insects have,
creating their whole experience
around one king or one queen
insect and building on this,
then it's something different.
We would probably say no,
that's the kind of behavior
that it's not enjoyable
for us, but it might be
enjoyable for another species.
So, most species I'm
talking about right now,
they would try to understand
and observe the situation first
and have a bigger picture
about what's happening.
So that might be the
reason why things
were in place for so long.
And the best thing, if I can add
to that, is for every one of us
to make a willingful, and clear
decision of our own destiny
to the universe.
It can be just like
one sentence that you
put before you sleep
or something, just one
sentence a day will clearly
indicate the universe what
you want, and you have
your own responsibility
about your destiny.
>> Like I am one with the light.
The light is one with me.
And I'm in the hands
of God forever.
>> That's pretty nice.
Or, like the people of the
community of Gaia said it,
"all shift happily now,"
which I really enjoy.
>> Tim, thanks for joining me
on another special Truth Hunter.
>> Thank you for
having me, Linda.
>> Coming up on the
next Truth Hunter.
>> Someone came up to me
and asked me if I'm as well
a comedian.
And this being seemed to be
part of a group of reptiles that
blended into society by
irradiating frequency
so that they seemed human.
>> The greys sell these
little fabricated bodies.
>> Oh, they're selling
their own AI self.
>> You can have one if you
get in contact with the greys.